FAQ
FAQ
Popular FAQs
Can I pick up my order myself?
Absolutely! You can conveniently select the "
Click and Collect
" option at your preferred outlet. It's important to note that if your chosen outlet is out-of-stock for your item, our dedicated Customer Service team will reach out to you promptly to help arrange an alternative pick-up location.
When can I expect my order to be shipped out?
We strive to ensure that your order is processed quickly. Once your order is packed and ready, it will be shipped out within 24 hours.
Can I use BNPL (Buy Now, Pay Later) when I walk into one of your outlets?
Certainly! When you visit any of our outlets, our friendly staff will be more than happy to assist you with the BNPL (Buy Now, Pay Later) option. Enjoy your shopping experience!
Where can I find my digital code?
Your digital code will be sent to the email address associated with your purchase. Kindly check your email inbox, as the code will be reflected there once your payment has been successfully processed.
Nintendo Switch
How do I set up a Nintendo Account?
You can follow the step-by-step guide here:
CLICK LINK
Can I connect the Nintendo Switch to a TV or monitor for a larger screen experience?
Yes, you can connect the Nintendo Switch to a
TV
or
Monitor
for a larger screen gaming experience. Simply dock the console into the docking station provided and connect it to your display using an
HDMI cable
.
Are there parental controls and safety features on the Nintendo Switch?
Yes, the Nintendo Switch has parental controls. You can use them to set limits on playtime, block specific games or features, and even apply filters to keep gaming safe and fun for younger players.
Follow this guide on how to set up here:
CLICK LINK
I'm unable to claim a code in the game due to a region difference in my account. What should I do?
If you encounter a region mismatch while trying to claim a game code, you can easily resolve it by changing the region of your
Nintendo Switch
through the
official Nintendo website
. Simply adjust the region to your desired location and then proceed to claim the game code without any issues.
Signup for exclusive promotions, coupons and events.
Enter yo